RESUME

MAHIPAL KAWAR

B-301 Purvi Tower 

Subhash Chowk, Gurukul

Ahmedabad.

Email : mahipalkawar@gmail.com

 Objective

Short term – Develop knowledge in the field of risk analysis, financial markets and management consultancy. Further develop an understanding of these in the age of Internet and I-banking. Keen to work at highly rated investment or conventional bank with a view to enhancing academic knowledge through team-based project work. 

Medium to long term - Seeking a challenging position that will offer invaluable work experience and utilize inter personal skills leading to professional enhancement. 

 Professional Qualification 

Charterd Financial Analyst (ICFAI)  

( Alpha to Kappa)

ENGLISH Qualifications

      . IELTS band score  7    (Conducted by BRITISH COUNCIL)

 Educational Qualification 

Ø       B.Com. (Hons.) – 69% from The Jai Narayan Vyas University, Jodhpur 

Ø       Std.XII from Shree Maheshwari Senior Sec. School in 2004 with aggregate of 77% ( R.B.S.E).

Ø       Std.X from Shree Maheshwari Senior Sec. School in  2002 with aggregate of 74% ( R.B.S.E)

 Key Skills

Ability to understand complex concepts and take them through to implementation. 
Inquisitive, control- oriented, attentive to details with strong problem solving skills. 
Ability to manage time effectively to complete projects within tight deadlines 
Highly trainable, fast learner.  Adapt well to changes and pressures. 
Good communication and presentation skills. 
 
 

Key Areas of Expertise

Have a good understanding of stock markets. 
A fair theoretical exposure to debt instruments and derivative products like forwards, futures and options. 
Financial Risk Management 
Security Analysis 
Portfolio Management 
Investment Banking and Mutual Funds   
Strengths 

I am reliable, well organized and able to work on my own initiatives. I believe I have sharp analytical and conceptual skills supported with excellent grasping ability. I am able to handle stress, keep positive frame of mind and prioritize my workload prudently. I have equanimity that makes me more competitive in achieving my goal.

 Interest & Activities 

Reading, Adventure Tourism, Outdoor Games, Listening Music.  

Personal Profile 

Name                  : Mahipal Kawar

Date of Birth        : SEP 3, 1986

Father`s Name     : Gautam Chand Kawar

Marital Status      :  Single

Languages known : English & Hindi

Mobile                 : 9904521392

 References

1. Siddharth Jain

      M.B.A (Melbourne Business School)   C.A

      AUSTRALIA 

      Mob 0061432446159

Sanjay Saraf  
    FRM, CFA, Ms Finance, C.I.I.A.,C.P.M., C.T.M., C.I.B.     

      75 C Park street  Kolkata          09831092413                                                           
