SEBASTIAN JOSEPH   

Mobile: 09574000121; E-Mail: sebastian.joseph2007@gmail.com

Middle level positions in Sales, Business Development, Channel Management, Key Account Management, Marketing with Emerging organizations


Professional Profile

?	A dynamic professional with over 8 years of experience in Sales, Business Development, Channel Management, Key Account Management, New Market Development, Marketing, Customer care, Service provisioning, PCO services. 
?	Presently associated with Axis Bank (Ahmedabad Circle) as Manager 
?	Idea Cellular Limited (Gujarat Circle) as ASSIST.MANAGER.
?	Proficient at enhancing the market share, business through conceiving effective Marketing.
?	Possess sound communication, interpersonal & analytical skills.
Handling the profile of Reporting system

Professional Achievement

?	Nominated twice for “Young achievers Award” from Idea cellular limited (Gujarat Circle).
?	5 times “Exceed Expectation” rating in final Appraisals in sales/services and once in “Far Exceed Expectation” of IDEA Cellular ltd.
?	Got Best Territory Sales Manager awards From COO within the month from date of joining in Sales function.
?	Various Prices at Circle level such as Star of The Zone Awards 5 times.
?	Increased revenue 46% with the implementation of contact strategies across multiple segments and all customer touch points in Vapi market.

AREA OF SPECIALIZATION	: Sales & Marketing
PROFFESIONAL 


Sr no	Company	Duration	Place	Position
1	Axis Bank	April 2012 till present	Ahmedabad	Manager
2	Idea Cellular Limited	May 2011 till March 2012	Vapi	TSM (Asst. Manager)
3	Idea Cellular Limited	June 2009 - May 2011	Navsari	TSM (Asst. Manager)
4	Idea Cellular Limited	Feb 2008 - June 2009	Ahmedabad	Senior Executive
5	Idea Cellular Limited	Jan 2007 - Feb 2008	Ahmedabad	Senior Executive
6	Idea Cellular Limited	March 2005 - Jan 2007	Gandhinagar	Executive
7	Idea Cellular Limited	Feb 2004 - March 2005	Gandhinagar	Trainee



Organizational Experience 

Areas of Expertise


Sales Operation


?	Accomplishing primary, secondary and new acquisition targets.
?	Preparing sales plans and coordinating and facilitate the company’s customer service standards.
?	Studying competitors' products and services, market trends and customer demand.
?	Monitoring sales, goods produced and/or services delivered
?	Identifying and implementing communication strategies, such as advertising campaigns, to attract customers


Channel Management

?	Driving distribution through channel partners, manage and monitor channel partner performance.
?	Demonstrated abilities in creating healthy relationship with the dealer for generating business the towards accomplishing business and corporate goals
?	Building and maintaining healthy business relations with KRO, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction.
?	Studying competitors' products and services, market trends and customer demand.
?	Identifying prospective area & outlet, for generating business & developing them to achieve consistently.
?	Ensuring distribution (product wise), frequency of coverage / personal visit as per company norms and have Area Coverage Plans (ACPs).



Organizational Experience

April 2012 to till Date 	           AXIS BANK          			 MANAGER

•	Leading a team of 15-20 sales executives pertaining to Ahmedabad regions.
•	Responsible for achieving the targets set by the organization in the form of both volumes and numbers. Also, maintaining a healthy WIRR (Weighted Internal Rate of Return) and controlling Cost of Acquisition.
•	Responsible for Selection, Recruitment, Training and motivating the team with the vision to obtain Personal, Team and Organizational goals. Conducting Training and Brainstorming sessions for the team to increase their skills and knowledge.
•	Responsible for sourcing business from the Branch channel. It involved establishing rapport and working in close co-ordination with the Branch Manager’s, Personal Bankers and Relationship Manager’s of AXIS Bank. 
•	Developing and maintaining good and healthy relationship with the customers focusing on HNI’s. Handling customer complaints and solving CRM issues.




May 2011 to Mar 2012   	IDEA CELLULAR LIMITED            ASSIST. MANAGER

Sales & Marketing

?	Handling entire Vapi Town, Covered population 3.89 lac.
?	Channel Engagement Programmed. Beat wise Market Tracking In terms Of
Secondary & Unbarring.
?	Handling 36 BTS sites in town.
?	Handling 600 transacting Outlets and 447 activating outlets. 
?	Increased the business from 3500 First calls to 7000 First calls per month in last six months.
?	Increased the revenue from 82 lacs to 120 lacs in last eleven months.
?	Handling team of 14 DSE. & 2 Distributor.


June 2009 to May11 	IDEA CELLULAR LIMITED            ASSIST. MANAGER

Sales & Marketing

?	Worked in Navsari Upcountry market in Gujarat.
?	Increased the revenue from 34 lacs to 54 lacs.
?	Taking Care of 500 Outlets and 5000 Activation VLR per months.
?	Motivation and training to the field sales team, ensuring optimum performance.
?	Responsible for recruiting, mentoring, training executives and deliver quality services in market.


Feb 2004 to June09 	IDEA CELLULAR LIMITED               Senior Executive

Service Delivery & Quality

?	Handling Activations/ Vas Services Provisioning and De-provisioning Team.
?	PCO Customer Life Cycle Management.
?	Prepaid Usage & Revenue.
?	Prepaid Activation and documentation.
?	Prepaid Sales Channel Support.
?	Supporting and helping the call centers executives, Franchise for online resolution.
?	Maintaining Individual reports for closure of complaints and requests.
?	Ensuring the number of Complaints resolved within TAT/total number of complaints received, with > 95% and with quality closure.


Academic Records

?	Pursuing MBA (Marketing) from SCDL. 
?	B.Com from Sardar Patel University in 2000-03.

Personal Vitae

Father’s Name	: V T Joseph 
Date of Birth 		: 11th March 1982
Marital Status           : Married
Permanent Address   : 101, Sureel Flats, Near Sri Krishna Hospital,
   Ghuma, Bopal – Ahmedabad.
