RESUME
Tarun Patel
15, Vadanagra Patidar Soc., Contact No: +91-9409228959
Rambag, Maninagar, Email: ttp.patel@gmail.com
Ahmedabad-380008 CAREER OBJECTIVE
Looking for a chance to prove my abilities & capabilities through my best outputs for you, which can benefit both, the organization and my self to improve my professional knowledge and experience. ACADEMIC RECORD
1.) Pre-Engineering
School: Sardar Patel & Swami Vivekanand High School, Maninagar, Ahmedabad.
Exam: S.S.C. (G.S.E.B., Gandhinagar), Gujarat.
Year of Passing: March
Result: 73.28%
2.) Diploma in Electrical Engineering
Institute: Government Polytechnic, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
(Affiliated to Gujarat Technical Education Board)
Branch: Electrical Engineering (EE)
Year of Passing: 1979
Result: 66.41%
3.) B.E.(Part Time)
Institute: L.D. College of Engineering, Ahmedabad, Gujarat (Affiliated to Gujarat University)
Branch: Electrical Engineering (B.E.)
Year of Passing: 1988
Result: 54.46% EXPERIENCE
1.) Company: Electrical Machines Corporation, Gomtipur, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
About Company: The main product of the company is D.C. machines with “ISI” mark having range up to 50 kW.
Post: Testing engineer
Duration: October 1980 to March 1983
Job Description: I have worked for testing the product of the company which was carried out as per ISI rules of the each machine & also raw material used for the same.
2.) Company: The Calico Mills, O/S Jamalpur Gate, Behrampura, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
About Company: The Company is engaged in textiles since more than decades & most popular in clothes manufacturing all over the country.
Post: Electrical Supervisor
Duration: March 1983 to September 1984
Department: Engineering Department
Job Description: I was in the Engineering Department & mainly looking after the maintenance of the plants, machines and utility services.
3.) Company: Torrent Power Limited, Shahpur, Ahmedabad
About Company: The Company’s main business is to generate & distribute electricity in the licensee area of cities like Ahmedabad, Surat and Gandhinagar since more than 110 years.
Post: Section Engineer
Duration: September 1984 to March 1999
Department: Mains Department
Job Description:
 I have done supervision of electrical installation, maintenance, commissioning, testing work of 132 kV/66kV/11kV sub-stations of EHT/HT switch gears like HT breakers, transformers etc.
 I have also done supervision of EHT/HT transmission network maintenance work of 132 kV/66kV/11kV & EHT/HT underground cable laying, termination, cable fault detection and repairing.
4.) Company: Torrent Power Limited, Naranpura, Ahmedabad
Post: Assistant Engineer (March 1999 to March 2006)
Assistant Manager (April 2006 onwards)
Duration: March 1999 to August 2008
Department: Central Vigilance Department Cell
Job Description:
 My main job was “Electrical Theft Detection”.
 I have worked in the central vigilance cell of the company, where detection of electricity theft & collection of revenue was the main activity.
 I have taken leadership in raid & also lead the vigilance team with a target to catch the electricity theft in theft prone area. It also includes to register the FIR & to prepare legal papers.
From August 2008 onwards I have been working at Shahpur which is mention below. PRESENT EMPLOYMENT
Company: Torrent Power Limited, Naranpura, Ahmedabad, Gujarat
Post: Assistant Manager (Safety Department)
From: Aug 2008 to 31-08-2017.
Department: Transmission & Distribution Safety
Job Description:
 The main work is to audit the jobs carried out in the transmission & distribution network where the safety norms are complied or not.
 Conducting safety awareness programs to the employees to avoid the accidents during their normal activities of the job.
 Preparation of investigation reports for accidents (Fatal/Non fatal) occurred in the network areas.
 Maintenance/ inspection of Fire extinguishers in the network at various locations.
IT Skills:
 Operating System : WINDOWS 2008
Packages : MS Office, Excel & SAP SHORT TERM TRAINING PROGRAMME (STTP)
1.) Name of Training Institute: Central Institute Of rural Electrification Corp. Ltd., Hyderabad ( ANDHRA PRADESH )
Course:“Role & concept of Vigilance in Power sector “
Duration: 3 Days
2.) Name of Training Institute: Staff college of India, Hyderabad ( ANDHRA PRADESH)
Course: “Pilferage of Electricity – issues & Challenges“
Duration: 5 Days
3.) Name of Training Institute: Yadav Measurements Pvt. Ltd- UDAIPUR, (RAJASTHAN)
Course: “Pilferage of Electricity – issues & Challenges“
Duration: 5 Days PERSONAL PROFILE
Name: Patel Tarun Thakorlal
Father’s Name: Patel Thakorlal Parshottamdas
Date of Birth: 10th August 1959
Marital Status: Married
Nationality: Indian
Mother Tongue: Gujarati
Languages known: Gujarati, Hindi, English
Hobbies: Reading, Stamps collection DECLARATION
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars.
Place: Ahmedabad
(Tarun Patel)
Date: 31-08-2017.