


CURRICULUM VITAE
				
Vaishali Iyer			
Mob: +9198246 51008 			Email: vaishali.s.iyer@gmail.com

-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
Deeply committed to employee issues, I aim to find a position that will let me use my considerable HR experience and proven track record of delivering great performance levels in creating a work environment that ensures the fiscal viability of the organization. 


Professional Experience:

•	Nov 2008- 	Future Group ( Future Learning &#x26; Development Limited)
     May 2009	Sr. Executive – HR with emphasis on Training.
			          

Work Profile:

	Handling Recruitments – sourcing, screening and ensuring that the final round of interview is completed.
	Joining formalities like issuing Offer Letter and Salary break up for candidates recruited.
	Ensure all relevant documents are submitted and sent to Head office.
	Preparing MIS reports.
	Taking care of Admin activities also, like travel &#x26; accommodation arrangements etc.
	Imparting Training to participants as and when required.



•	Feb 2006-	STYX Infosoft Pvt. Limited. ( Azure )
Nov 2008 	Sr. HR Executive / SPOC (HR BPO for a reputed Telecom company).

			I have also worked as a Team Leader / Process Coordinator for 				Domestic Campaign (Inbound &#x26; Outbound process) and was promoted 			as Sr. HR Executive / SPOC.


•	Sr. H.R Executive / SPOC : 

o	Recruitment Related:
o	Recruit candidates according to job requirements of clients.
o	Screening candidates based on interviews.
o	Coordination with clients for final selection of short listed candidates.
o	Conduct preliminary telephonic and interview round, coordinate for further rounds of interview with concerned departmental heads.
o	Reference check for positions other than agent level.
o	On boarding Candidates.
o	Meeting recruitment targets and simultaneously maintain quality of people recruited.
o	Coordination with clients for training.
o	Inform candidates about their training schedule and clarify their doubts, questions if any.
o	Joining formalities like Offer letters and Salary break up for candidates recruited. 
o	Sending EOD and MIS reports to Departmental Heads and clients.
o	Coordination for IJPs (Internal Job Posting) from  Single skill to Multi skill /Team Coach etc.
o	Dealing with Recruitment Consultants / Advertisement agency (to release Ads) on weekly basis so as to meet the targets.
o	Voluntarily provide team members with a clear sense of direction and understanding of each others&#x27; responsibilities.
o	Check if there is help needed to address any clarification from the client.

o	Personnel Administration &#x26; Payroll Related:   

o	Looking after Attritions during Training/Buddy process.
o	Taking care of agent’s CUG connections (activation / deactivation).
o	Undertake Exit / Rejoining formalities.
o	Coordinating with Third Party Agency for Employee verification
o	Preparing Experience / Warning / Movement (Promotion) letters etc.
o	Looking after the personnel details of the Active employees.
o	Provide process training to new staff members.
o	Responsible for processing salaries of employees and forward it to Manager for audit purpose.
o	Preparation of final settlement of employees during exit from the organization.


o	Process Coordinator ( For Outbound):

o	Independently looked after an outbound process of prepaid verification. 
o	Create Process guides, manuals to help all team members.
o	Responsible for managing a team of 40 agents.
o	Plan proper allocation of work.
o	Timely handling of queries and accuracy of resolution. Follow up with clients/customers to make sure requests have been met. 
o	Manage staffing on a daily basis so as to ensure achievement of target.
o	Maintain floor etiquettes &#x26; discipline.
o	Monitoring agents’ performance and quality on daily basis.
o	Provide product updates on time to supervisors.
o	Submitting EOD reports to the Process Manager.
o	Team motivation - for achievement of target.
o	Analyzing team performance on a daily / weekly basis.
o	Discussion with TL/DTL of problems faced by them while handling their teams / floor on a daily basis.
o	Analyzing lead requirements.
o	Coordination with clients as and when required.
o	Understand the client requirement and format of reports to be submitted and ensure timely delivery of the same.
o	Understand the requirements of the agent /reports and accordingly coordinate with software and Tech team for a smooth process generation. 


o	Team Leader ( For Inbound):

o	Responsible for managing team of 50 agents.
o	Handling typical / irate customer queries.
o	Manage staffing on public holidays &#x26; festivals.
o	Maintain floor etiquettes &#x26; discipline.
o	Monitoring agents’ performance and quality on daily basis.
o	Giving one on one feedback.
o	Providing them product updates on time.
o	Submitting EOD reports to the Process Manager.
o	Team motivation and bonding.
o	Analyzing team performance on a daily / weekly basis.
o	EOD briefings.
o	Follow up with customers to make sure their requests / problems are solved.
o	Necessary follow-up is done if the problem still persists.


•		2002-2005  	Idea Cellular Limited.   
Executive - Backend Support for Corporate Retentions. 
{Started my job as a Customer support Executive for Outbound Team and then was referred for Corporate Retention as a Backend support Executive}


o	Executive ( For Outbound with Idea Cellular Ltd ) :

o	Worked on BSCS [Business Supports &#x26; Controls System] (An exclusive and sophisticated telecommunication software designed by the SEMA Group U.K)
o	Conduct daily “Huddles” for outbound team to solve the queries and complaints of customers. If required, complains/queries were forwarded to higher authorities.
o	Daily productivity of outbound team was being monitored and suggestions / feedbacks for the same were given to the executives.
o	Apart from this other MIS reports such as daily / weekly / monthly reports and some other reports which were related to customer queries were taken care.



o	Backend Support Executive for Corporate Retention ( Idea Cellular Ltd ) :

o	Main responsibility was to look after entire Gujarat base corporate customers and their queries regarding plan change, any feature change requests or any other demand, which needs to be compared with the competitors.
o	Provided all necessary system related support to the field executives.
o	Managing the analysis and MIS reports.
o	Prepared sanction/approval notes on behalf of executives and forwarded to higher authorities for approvals &#x26; a track of personal details of corporate customers was  maintained for better customer relationship.


Qualification  (Academic) :

o	Master  of Arts in English Literature from Gujarat University, Ahmedabad (2003)
o	Bachelor of Arts in English Literature from St. Xavier’s College, Ahmedabad (2001)
o	Basic computer knowledge of MS-Office and Internet.


Achievement :

o	Certification from United Schools of Organization of India for General Knowledge Test.
o	Certification from United Schools of Organization of India for U.N. Information Test.
o	Awarded for Best Performance in Top Gun Awards conducted by Client for Best Service Partner - Resourcing.


Personal Details :
Address		:	Ahmedabad.
									
Marital Status   :          Married
Date of Birth 	:         16th January 1981
Hobbies 		:         Traveling, listening to music &#x26; reading.




