



Yugandar Chittipeddi				             	      Mobile No.:09898339774
		                                                                                         Email ID:yugandarchittipeddi@yahoo.com
Objective:

                     

Work Experience:

1. Name of Company:   Doshi Accounting Services Pvt Ltd (UK Accounting BPO)Vadodara - Gujarath                   2008
          Designation:                   Manager Accounts  
          Salary : Rs 3,50,000 P.A.
           Key Responsibilities: 
1. Looking after a team of 5 overlooking their accounting activities
2. Working on Uk based accounting softwares like sage etc.
3. Interacting with clients and solving their queries.
4. Month end closing activies
5. Compliances like UK vat, ROC etc
6. Making reports in excel as per client requirement.
7. Ensured proper accounting of general ledger transactions and prepare monthly general ledger reconciliations. 
             
2. Name of Company:    Bin Ahmed Enterprises LLC                                                               2004- 2008- Sultanate of Oman
          Designation: Manager – Finance , Accounts & Administration
          Manufacturer of plastic goods in the Sultanate of Oman  
          Worked in Muscat, Sultanate of Oman 
    
 KeyPlant Accounts  responsibilities
Monthly MIS reports to management
Liasoning with bankers for L/C’s LTR’s and working capital facilities
Liasoning with auditors
Upkeep of records
Finalization of accounts and commercial functions.
Preparing monthly MIS reports as per management requirement.
A Good understanding of Forex Operations.

    Key Finance Responsibilities
Arranging for working capital facilities & Term loan facilities with bankers
Arranging for Vehicle loans and machinery loans with local NBFC’s
Product wise , project wise profitability reports.
Working on product pricing.
Ensured proper accounting of general ledger transactions and prepare monthly general ledger reconciliations. 

 
   Key Administration functions
Arranging for Visa’s along with related activities  along with PRO.
Import export documentation registers maintaince and follow up with authorities.
Payroll management.
Liasioning with lawyers on administration and commercial matters

Also handled the affairs of Sister concern United PlasticsManufacturing Co  LLC Manufacturers of PPR pipe fittings.
3. Trademin International Pvt ltd. (ETA ASCON Group)	( Raw Bauxite Mining) 2000 - 2004
           It’s a part of ETA ASCON Group based in Dubai. Exports Raw Bauxite to Saudi Cement company and Iran Aluminium company. Exports are done from India.
           Designation: Accountant

Key responsibilities
Setting up the accounting and Financing system for the JV between ETA ASCON GROUP DUBAI and Gujarat Mininig Dept.
Ensuring timely payments to suppliers and staff
Liasoning with banks for loans for vehicles.
Complying with local sales tax requirements.
Sending MIS reports to management and utilization of funds.
Liasoning with both internal and external auditors.
Upkeep of branch accounting records.
Suppliers’ ledgers & General  reconciliation.
Bank reconciliation.
Liasoning with port authorities for wharfage and other levies.

4.  Times Guarantee Financials Ltd, Mumbai                                                                                  1995 - 2000 
       Designation: Officer

Key responsibilities
Maintaining client wise accounting records for Portfolio management scheme.
Complying with SEBI rules and regulations.
Ensuring that dividends are received from companies invested and amount is credited for client account.
Actively participated with KPMG peat Maverick for making our company’s internal control manual.
Liasoning with internal and external auditors.

5.  Nagarjuna Securities Ltd, Mumbai                                                                                                  1993 - 1995
      Designation: Accounts officer

Key responsibilities
Maintain all account records as required for a stock broking company.
Liasoning with stock exchange for payment settlement.
Maintain client wise records.
Liasoning with internal/external auditors.

6.   Kanchan Ganga Seed Company, Hyderabad                                                                              1991 - 1993
       Designation: Accountant

Key responsibilities

1.	Maintain account books.
2.	Automate manual book keeping records for the company.
3.	Liasoning with sales/income tax authorities.
4.	Liasoning with auditors.
7.   Raju & Mahendra Chartered Accountants - Hyderabad.                                                     1987 - 1992

                  Worked As Articled Student during which I have audited books of accounts for various clients , wrote books of accounts for small clients.

Education:

Completed Inter C.A 
Graduated in Commerce from Andhra Loyola College, Nagarjuna University
Diploma in computers from NIIT

Expertise in accounting packages viz. Tally, Wings, ExNGN and customized accounting packackages , SAP FICO Module

Personal Details:

Date of birth:			 27th April 1970
Marital status: 		 Married
Languages known: 		 English, Hindi, Telugu, Tamil, Arabic
Address:	      A-1 , 304 , Sainath square ,Vadodara , Gujarat

Permanenet Address : 
                                          31/8 , NEELAKANTA MEHTA STREET , T.NAGAR , Chennai - 17    

Passport : Having a Valid passport





